Value Prefix Whitespace (#6)
lakehq/sqlparser-rs: README.md

# Patching SQL Parser for LakeSail

> 1. Use `dev` as the base branch.
> 2. If you’re making new changes, use squash commit.
> 3. If you’re merging from upstream, use merge commit.
> 4. Avoid mixing new changes + upstream merge in a single PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use `dev` as the base branch when creating PRs in the fork.
2. Please confirm the base repository when creating PRs. You should manually choose `lakehq/sqlparser-rs` when proposing changes to the fork.
3. For patching, use a squash commit to merge the PR. This ensures that each patch appears as a single commit in the `dev` branch of the fork.
4. For merging from upstream, use a merge commit to merge the PR. This ensures that the upstream history is kept in the `dev` branch of the fork.
5. Please avoid mixing code changes and upstream merge in a single PR.
```
